

I/ Introduction to NAIMA package:

	NAIMA package is a package written in python that allows to fit gamma-ray data coming from
	the emission of non-thermal particles.
	
	It proceeds following two steps:
		1- Fit the data provided with a likelihood analysis.
		2- Allows to plot the sepectral energy distribution (SED) and its different
		components.
		
	An example will be provided to familiarize yourselves with the use of NAIMA.
	
	
II/ Example: RXJ1713

	Description: The source RXJ1713 is a SNR capable of accelerating leptons (e-/e+) 
	which will emit photons in different energy ranges from radio to gamma-rays.
	
	In the directory "RXJ1713" different data files ".dat" and two python scripts have
	been provided. This will serve to show how to use the NAIMA package.
	
	
III/ Project: Fitting the multiwavelength data of the Crab nebula and extracting informations
about the processes happening inside it

	The Crab pulsar/nebula: The Crab pulsar is the most famous and most studied astrophysical
	source. It The Crab pulsar is a very powerful pulsar formed after the supernova SN1054.
	It has one of the highest spin-down powers ever measured and is able to accelerate
	electrons and positrons until few PeV which emit photons from radio to gamma-rays via 
	synchrotron radiation and inverse Compton scattering on different photon fields.
	It is postulated that the electron spectrum has a break at $\gamma \approx 10^6$ and
	another break at $\gamma \approx 10^9$ where $\gamma$ is the Lorentz factor.
	
	Purpose: Fit the crab multiwavelength data and derive its SED assuming different
	shapes for electrons distribution, different photon fields as target for the inverse
	Compton scattering and (may be) by adding a small hadronic component to the model.
	
	1- In the directory "crab_1_brokenPowerLaw" we have provided the multiwavelength data
	of the Crab and two incomplete codes that you will have refine to derive the SED assuming
	assuming a simple broken power law with exponential cutoff for the electron spectrum.
	
	2- In the directory "crab_2_BrokenPowerLaw_SSC" you are expected to fit the multwavelength
	data of the Crab with a simple broken power-law with exponential cutoff and by taking
	into account the inverse Compton scattering of the photoons emitted by synchrotron
	radiation. Nothing is provided inside this directory.
	
	3- In the directory "crab_3_doubleBrokenPowerLaw" you are expected to fit the
	multwavelength data of the Crab with a power-law with exponential cutoff having two
	breaks. Nothing is provided inside this directory.
	
	4- In the directory "crab_4_doubleBrokenPowerLaw _protonComponent" you are expected to fit
	the multiwavelength data of the Crab with a power-law with exponential cutoff having two
	breaks plus a small hadronic (proton) component taking the form of a simple power-law with
	exponential cutoff. The purpose here, is to account for the last data points with the
	proton component to allow the electron spectrum to better fit the rest of the data.
	Nothing is provided inside this directory.
